README.md, before:

<h2> Hi! <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/mGcNjsfWAjY5AEZNw6/giphy.gif" width="50"></h2>

I'm a second-year Web Application Development student (DAW). I have a strong interest in logical problem-solving and programming, and I enjoy writing clean, well-structured code to tackle complex challenges.

I'm currently learning Chinese as a personal challenge and out of curiosity,

<!--
<p align="center"> 
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-orange?logo=java&logoColor=white" alt="Java"/> 
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?logo=html5&logoColor=white" alt="HTML5"/> 
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?logo=css3&logoColor=white" alt="CSS3"/> 
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=black" alt="JavaScript"/> 
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white" alt="Python"/> 
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-777BB4?logo=php&logoColor=white" alt="PHP"/> 
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-003B57?logo=mysql&logoColor=white" alt="SQL"/>
</p>
-->

<h2>My current skills</h2>

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java,js,html,css,py,php)](https://skillicons.dev)

<h2>In process to learn</h2>

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=django,docker,tailwind,ts,react,astro)](https://skillicons.dev)

Commit message:

Fix grammar and expand on personal interests
Corrected grammatical error in the learning section and added a note about future aspirations in game development.

README.md, after:

<h2> Hi! <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/mGcNjsfWAjY5AEZNw6/giphy.gif" width="50"></h2>

I'm a second-year Web Application Development student (DAW). I have a strong interest in logical problem-solving and programming, and I enjoy writing clean, well-structured code to tackle complex challenges.

Currently i'm currently learning Chinese as a personal challenge and out of curiosity. As a child, I dreamed of developing video games, and I haven’t ruled out chasing that path in the future.

<!--
<p align="center"> 
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-orange?logo=java&logoColor=white" alt="Java"/> 
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?logo=html5&logoColor=white" alt="HTML5"/> 
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?logo=css3&logoColor=white" alt="CSS3"/> 
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=black" alt="JavaScript"/> 
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white" alt="Python"/> 
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-777BB4?logo=php&logoColor=white" alt="PHP"/> 
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-003B57?logo=mysql&logoColor=white" alt="SQL"/>
</p>
-->

<h2>My current skills</h2>

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java,js,html,css,py,php)](https://skillicons.dev)

<h2>In process to learn</h2>

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=django,docker,tailwind,ts,react,astro)](https://skillicons.dev)
